book/some_content/testkees.md, before:

# TestKees
Used to test various code for Teachbooks.


# Figures 

To add a figure, just copy the figure to the correct directory. Then, in your markdown file, include the figure as follows:

````
    ```{figure} <figurename>.png/.jpg
    ---
    height/width: <height or width in pixels>
    name: <name of the figure>
    ---
    <Figure caption>
    ```
````
Using the name label, you can refer to the figure as done with {numref}`Figure {number} <demoexample1>`.

You can find more documentation on including figures [here](https://jupyterbook.org/en/stable/content/figures.html). Some examples with different settings:

````
    ```{figure} ../figures/TUDelft_logo_rgb.png
    ---
    width: 50%
    name: demoexample1
    align: right
    ---
    example 1: width (50%) as percentage, align right
    ```
````

provides the output:

```{figure} ../figures/TUDelft_logo_rgb.png
---
width: 50%
name: demoexample1
align: right
---
example 1: width (50%) as percentage, align right
```

including a figclass sets the figure to the column at the right.

````
    ```{figure} demo97/demo97_figure1.jpg
    ---
    figclass: margin
    width: 50%
    name: demoexample2
   
    ---
    example 2:including figclass: margin
    ```
````

<br>

```{figure} demo97/demo97_figure1.jpg
---
figclass: margin
width: 50%
name: demoexample2
---
example 2:including figclass: margin
```

We made a useful tool to make your figures, just specify all information and the code is produced for you:

<div id="figuur_formulier">

</div>
<div id="listContainer">
  
</div>

Commit message:

with div to align right

book/some_content/testkees.md, after:

# TestKees
Used to test various code for Teachbooks.


# Figures 

To add a figure, just copy the figure to the correct directory. Then, in your markdown file, include the figure as follows:

````
    ```{figure} <figurename>.png/.jpg
    ---
    height/width: <height or width in pixels>
    name: <name of the figure>
    ---
    <Figure caption>
    ```
````
Using the name label, you can refer to the figure as done with {numref}`Figure {number} <demoexample1>`.

You can find more documentation on including figures [here](https://jupyterbook.org/en/stable/content/figures.html). Some examples with different settings:

````
    ```{figure} ../figures/TUDelft_logo_rgb.png
    ---
    width: 50%
    name: demoexample1
    align: right
    ---
    example 1: width (50%) as percentage, align right
    ```
````

provides the output:

```{figure} ../figures/TUDelft_logo_rgb.png
---
width: 50%
name: demoexample1
align: right
---
example 1: width (50%) as percentage, align right
```

or with div:
````
<div>
```{figure} ../figures/TUDelft_logo_rgb.png
---
width: 50%
name: demoexample3
align: right
---
example 3: width (50%) as percentage, align right
```
</div>
````
and the output
<div>
```{figure} ../figures/TUDelft_logo_rgb.png
---
width: 50%
name: demoexample3
align: right
---
example 3: width (50%) as percentage, align right
```
</div>

including a figclass sets the figure to the column at the right.

````
    ```{figure} demo97/demo97_figure1.jpg
    ---
    figclass: margin
    width: 50%
    name: demoexample2
   
    ---
    example 2:including figclass: margin
    ```
````

<br>

```{figure} demo97/demo97_figure1.jpg
---
figclass: margin
width: 50%
name: demoexample2
---
example 2:including figclass: margin
```

We made a useful tool to make your figures, just specify all information and the code is produced for you:

<div id="figuur_formulier">

</div>
<div id="listContainer">
  
</div>
